Describe query option to infer labels. (#958)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/planning-and-tuning/query-tuning.adoc

During times of known high load, `replan=skip` can be useful to not introduce unwanted latency spikes.

[[cypher-infer-schema-parts]]
=== Cypher infer schema parts

For some queries, the planner can infer predicates such as labels or types from the graph structure that can improve estimating the number of rows that each operator produces.
(See xref:/planning-and-tuning/execution-plans/#runtimes-reading-execution-plans[Cypher Manual -> Execution plans and query tuning -> Understanding execution plans])
This option allows to control to what extent it should do that:

[options="header",cols="2m,3a"]
|===
| Option | Description

| inferSchemaParts=off
| No predicates are inferred.

> | inferSchemaParts=most_selecive_label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| inferSchemaParts=most_selective_label
```

> | Relationship types are used to infer labels on the relationships' end nodes and the label corresponding to the least number of nodes is used to estimate rows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Relationship types are used to infer labels on the relationships' end nodes and the label corresponding to the smallest number of nodes is used to estimate rows.
```

During times of known high load, `replan=skip` can be useful to not introduce unwanted latency spikes.

> [[cypher-infer-schema-parts]]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[role=label--new-5.21]
[[cypher-infer-schema-parts]]
```

=== Cypher infer schema parts

> For some queries, the planner can infer predicates such as labels or types from the graph structure that can improve estimating the number of rows that each operator produces.
> (See xref:planning-and-tuning/execution-plans.adoc#runtimes-reading-execution-plans[Cypher Manual -> Execution plans and query tuning -> Understanding execution plans])
> This option allows to control to what extent it should do that:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For some queries, the planner can infer predicates such as labels or types from the graph structure, thereby enhancing its ability to estimate the number of rows each operator will produce.
(See xref:planning-and-tuning/execution-plans.adoc#runtimes-reading-execution-plans[Understanding execution plans - Reading execution plans] for more information about the role of operators in query execution plans.)
The option `inferSchemaParts` controls the extent to which the planner should infer predicates.
```

Author: I think your version sounds a lot better. But I especially wanted to reference our only documentation on estimated rows.

What do you think about
```suggestion
For some queries, the planner can infer predicates such as labels or types from the graph structure, thereby enhancing its ability to estimate the number of rows each operator will produce.
(See xref:planning-and-tuning/execution-plans.adoc#runtimes-reading-execution-plans[Understanding execution plans - Reading execution plans] for more information about the role of operators and estimated row counts in query execution plans.)
The option `inferSchemaParts` controls the extent to which the planner should infer predicates.
```

Reviewer 3: Sounds good 👍

[options="header",cols="2m,3a"]
|===
| Option | Description

| inferSchemaParts=off
| No predicates are inferred.

| inferSchemaParts=most_selective_label

> | Relationship types are used to infer labels on the relationships' end nodes.
> The label corresponding to the smallest number of nodes is used to estimate rows.
> Not inferring more labels yields better results for nodes with several dependent labels, such as every `:Actor` being a `:Person`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Relationship types are used to infer labels on the end nodes of relationships.
The label corresponding to the smallest number of nodes is used to estimate rows.
Avoiding the inference of multiple labels improves accuracy for nodes with several dependent labels, such as every `:Actor` being a `:Person`.
```

During times of known high load, `replan=skip` can be useful to not introduce unwanted latency spikes.

[role=label--new-5.21]
[[cypher-infer-schema-parts]]
=== Cypher infer schema parts

For some queries, the planner can infer predicates such as labels or types from the graph structure, thereby enhancing its ability to estimate the number of rows each operator will produce.
(See xref:planning-and-tuning/execution-plans.adoc#runtimes-reading-execution-plans[Understanding execution plans - Reading execution plans] for more information about the role of operators and estimated row counts in query execution plans.)
The option `inferSchemaParts` controls the extent to which the planner should infer predicates.

[options="header",cols="2m,3a"]
|===
| Option | Description

| inferSchemaParts=off
| No predicates are inferred.

| inferSchemaParts=most_selective_label

> | Relationship types are used to infer labels on the end nodes of relationships.

Reviewer 4: I would consider not writing "end nodes", as that could be confused with just the nodes the relationships are pointing _to_.

"boundary" nodes? "connected" nodes?
